doc/edit and reorganize best practice info (#43)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/documentation_style/class_documentation.rst

Class Documentation
###################

There are two main ways of using Sphinx to document a class:

* Manually describe 'how' and 'why' to use a class in either 
  a "User Guide" or an example within the library's documentation
* Automatically generate documentation for classes using the 
  ``autoclass`` or ``autosummary`` directive

Manual Documentation
--------------------

> To manually describe'how' and 'why' to exercise a class, use the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually describe 'how' and 'why' to exercise a class, use the 
```
